Fix release check for Uyuni (#703)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation-release-checklist---uyuni.md

- [ ] Package documentation and push SR to OBS: https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni-docs/wiki/publishing-to-obs
- [ ] Notify Release Manager of SR.
- [ ] Release Manager accepts package.

> - [ ] Create the PR to publush Uyuni to gh-pages: https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni-docs/tree/gh-pages. Add Release Manager as the assignee, and use a label with current Uyuni version. **Do not merged, the release engineer will do it**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Create the PR to publish Uyuni to gh-pages: https://github.com/uyuni-project/uyuni-docs/tree/gh-pages. Add the release engineer as the assignee, and use a label with current Uyuni version. **Do not merge, the release engineer will do it**
```
